# Figures from May, 2019.


* Description of each figure:

Name: "deuteron_momentum_distribution_kvnn_number_generator_lambda_value.pdf"<br/>
Generated by: "srg_operator_evolution_figures.ipynb"<br/>
Brief description: Plots the momentum distribution of deuteron comparing the initial and evolved wave function at some given value lambda. The name of the file specifies the kvnn number, SRG generator, and value of lambda. This is a semi-log plot.

Name: “momentum_projection_contours_q_value_kvnn_number_channel_generator.jpg”<br/>
Generated by: "srg_operator_evolution_figures.ipynb"<br/>
Brief description: Plots the momentum projection operator for given q value evolving in lambda from 6.0 to 1.5 fm^-1. The name of the file specifies the q value, kvnn number, partial wave channel, and SRG generator. This is a 1 x 4 figure of contours.
Update: These figures used to be generated by "nuclei2019_figures.ipynb" but has since been generalized to "srg_operator_evolution_figures.ipynb".

Name: "r2_operator_kvnn_number_channel_method_generator.jpg"<br/>
Generated by: "srg_operator_evolution_figures.ipynb"<br/>
Brief description: Plots the r^2 operator for a given coordinates array with fixed spacing dr. The name of the file specifies the kvnn number, partial wave number, evolution method ('srg' or 'magnus'), and SRG generator. This is a 2 x 2 contour plot.

Name: "scattering_state_momentum_distribution_kvnn_number_method_generator_lambda_value.pdf"<br/>
Generated by: "scratchwork.py"<br/>
Brief description: Plots the momentum distribution of some higher energy state in the 3S1 potential comparing the initial and evolved wave function at some given value lambda. The name of the file specifies the kvnn number, evolution method ('srg' or 'magnus'), SRG generator, and value of lambda. This is a 1 x 1 semi-log plot and is analogous to "deuteron_momentum_distribution_kvnn_number_method_generator_lambda_value.jpg" figures.
